[ethereal music playing]
IN 2092, FORESTS VANISH
AND DESERTS SPREAD.
FADING SUN AND ACIDIC SOIL
CAUSE PLANTS TO DISAPPEAR.
FLEEING THE SICK EARTH,
UTS CORPORATION BUILDS
A NEW ORBITING HOME FOR HUMANITY.
[ship whooshing]
BUT ONLY A CHOSEN FEW CAN ASCEND.
[ethereal music intensifies]
[chimes]
[suspenseful music playing]
[sighs]
[sniffs and exhales]
Uh… sorry, but I'm a little short.
This is real rice. It's gotta be
worth something. Should have tried--
[in German] Damn it! Stupid asshole!
The translator is malfunctioning again.
[sighs]
You always run out of money
when you come here.
[in English] Ah, come on, guys.
Okay, okay. Just wait a s…
I just wanna take a quick look.
That's all. Is it really so hard?
-Come on! You guys make me pay--
-There's nothing to see!
[man] If it was her, you'd get an alert!
How would you know, huh? Let me go!
Hey! Just let me in this one time!
[in German] That's enough. Let him in.
But this won't satisfy me.
Your magnetic boots are cool.
[in English] I found them yesterday,
fixed them up myself, you know?
I was the only one on my ship
without a pair--
[in German] Take them off.
[man in English] Space shuttle crash.
Five days ago in the Kubuqi Desert.
Body was in a burnt-out escape capsule.
[beeping and whirring]
It matches the description.
Female, seven years old.
But…
-I told you it wasn't her.
-[zipper closing]
You're not gonna find her here on Earth.
I think she's already drifted too far.
You have money for the transit, Tae-ho?
[sighs] Poor guy.
[dramatic music playing]
[wind rustling]
[Sullivan on mic] Hope was extinct.
The Earth was still breathing,
but it was on life support.
[device whirring and beeping]
[epic music playing]
With Earth no longer habitable,
the only place left to go was up.
[woman on PA] Ladies and gentlemen,
we have just entered
UTS-governed interplanetary space.
Welcome to the orbit.
[dramatic music playing]
[thuds]
[whooshing]
UTS RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT
[bird screeches]
[Sullivan on mic] Earth used to be
the symbol of life.
Space, death.
Now, through the miracle of technology,
we can go fishing
in a stream above the sky.
Children are again able to chase
butterflies in vast green fields.
This is only the beginning for UTS.
[man] You all know the voice.
Now you will be meeting the man himself.
Doctor, physicist,
aerospace engineer, historian.
He's the wealthiest man in the world
as well as the oldest at 152 years old.
Ladies and gentlemen, let me
introduce you to the founder of UTS,
the creator of our celestial paradise,
the savior of humanity…
Mr. James Sullivan.
Mr… Mr. Sullivan.
The reporters from Earth are here.
Ah!
[Sullivan grunts]
Hi.
This is genetically-modified
Schefflera arboricola.
Produces eight times more oxygen
than unmodified strains.
It's been responding rather well
to natural fertilizer.
The growth rate is phenomenal.
This soil came from the surface of Mars.
Can you believe that?
Welcome.
[laughing]
Only kidding. Please, please.
[Sullivan] As you are all aware,
at UTS, we have been carefully
cultivating life on Mars
using the Tree of Life, the Super Plant.
Now, in three days' time…
when Mars is at its closest point
to the orbit,
we will be announcing
the grand opening of the new Mars colony.
This?
This isn't dirty.
Human beings are dirty.
Their crimes against nature are.
Which, I assure you,
there will be none of in our new Eden.
There's something else
that won't be in your new Eden.
95% of the human population.
They're still living on Earth,
which has long turned into a living hell.
What about the people left behind?
Or the space laborers from Earth?
There is a humanitarian crisis
unfolding before our eyes.
The purpose of today's
press conference is--
No, no, it's… he's right.
This is indeed a…
crisis which, as a company,
we will be addressing.
Space is full of trash.
Expired satellites,
abandoned space vehicles,
and leftover space construction materials
have collided to form millions
of scrap metal parts
precariously floating in space.
Workers risk their lives
to chase down space debris
flying ten times faster
than a speeding bullet
just to be able to afford their next meal.
[Sullivan] Look…
I will be the first to admit
that our Eden is not perfect… yet.
But I would happily have a deeper
conversation with you about this.
SOLAR BATTERY CHARGING AREA
[man on radio] Space debris, 1.7 tons.
Just crashed with the satellite.
Probably came from the Lagrangian Point.
[man in Arabic] Speed's at seven
kilometers per second, still slow.
[in English] Watch for jellyfish.
[man] It won't matter what we haul
if we nick UTS property.
[man in Arabic] It's going
from District D 79.348 to 30.
[man in Russian] The ones who just nicked
that satellite better not follow us.
That'll cost you at least 800 dollars.
[bolt firing]
[man in English] Easy. Gently.
They're not here, right?
-[in Chinese] Who?
-[in Arabic] Who do you think?
[man in Russian] I heard he went down
to Earth yesterday.
They can't be back yet.
[monitor beeping]
[exclaiming]
-[mutters]
-[monitor beeping rapidly]
-[in English] Fuck.
-[all clamoring on radio]
VICTORY
[grunting]
[Jang] Out of my way,
you fucking amateurs.
Let's grab what's ours.
Step on it.
[epic music playing]
[Victory automated voice] Victory.
Upper deck gravity level 0.8 G's.
Magnetic compensation 1.2 G's.
[Bubs] Ah, move aside.
I'll show you how it's done.
-[man 1 on radio] Stay focused!
-[man 2 in Chinese] Stop them!
[man in English] They're dragging it
the other way!
[systems humming]
[woman] Get them!
[man in Russian] Grab it!
[man in English] You fucking Victory
sons of bitches!
-[man in Russian] I'll kill the bastards!
-[woman in English] Fucking assholes!
[Bubs] My, such dirty mouths.
Mmm-hmm, no imagination at all.
Is all that swearing really necessary?
-[rock music playing]
-[thuds]
-[beeps]
-[whirring]
[Bubs] Hey, Park. They're gaining on us.
[Jang] You heard the bot.
Speed it up, Park.
[grunts]
[steam hisses]
[Park] I'd like to see one of them
come down here and work this thing.
Time to wrap it up, guys.
[engine powering up]
[rock music playing]
[man in Russian] They're getting away!
Step on it!
[man in English] You better stop
before I get really fucking pissed.
[man in Chinese] Just catch them!
[man in English] You are seriously
going to take everything?
Get lost, Jang! We were here first!
[man in Arabic] Can't you share?
[man in Chinese] Think about
the other ships!
Damn you!
[in English] You're confusing me
with someone who gives a shit.
[Victory] Solar panels ahead.
Alter course. Alter course.
[Bubs] Uh, guys,
can we stay clear of this?
[exhales]
[suspenseful music playing]
[both grunt]
[epic music playing]
[man in Chinese] You're dead
if we catch you!
[man in English] You'll go
to hell for this!
-[man in Chinese] Human trash!
-[man in Russian] We'll get you next time!
[man in English] This shit ain't ethical,
Tae-ho!
[sighs] Tell me how that's
working for you.
Being all ethical, huh?
[monitor beeping]
Ah, you are doing good.
You're out here busting your asses.
Just to make a few lousy bucks, right?
-[man on radio] I'll fucking kill you.
-[scoffs]
-[man] You son of a bitch!
-[Park] Hey, what… what's that?
[Victory] Approaching
UTS Residential District 3.
-[Bubs] What are you doing? Turn around!
-[Park] Tae-ho, we're gonna crash!
-[Bubs] Turn around!
-[Park] Shit! Stop!
[birds chirping]
[Park] If they had caught us inside UTS,
we're dead!
-[Jang] Watch out!
-[Bubs] Look out!
-[Bubs] Well, there goes the antenna.
-[Jang] What a pain in the ass.
THE FACTORY: WASTE MANAGEMENT SATELLITE
[orchestral music playing]
[Karum] Victory. Let me see.
Hmm,210 kilograms of titanium.
480 kilos of reinforced carbon-carbon.
Aluminum honeycomb, 17.
Other materials, 39.
That's a total of $584.
-And that car I brought?
-The garage is full.
However, if you want to take it down
from here to Earth,
you are going to need to pay
an extra 70K for reassembly.
If you don't want to pay, you can
put it back together yourself.
-[device beeping]
-Oh!
I see here you broke
an antenna off the jelly.
You need to pay $1,300 for that.
We can deduct it from your money
and collect the rest from your account.
These here are for your taxes. Pay up.
[Karum humming]
[sighs]
Why show me cash?
If you're not gonna pay me,
why show me the cash, huh? You pig!
-[grunts] Give it to me! Hand it over!
-[drawing knife]
[Karum] Hey. This is company money.
[Tae-ho exhales]
You better sleep with an eye open.
I might pay you a visit.
-Anything come in?
-Just one.
In the Thunderbolt,
12 kilogram of iced pork.
Accident on a refrigerator spaceship.
[bottles clinking]
You've been looking for her
for three years now.
What you gonna do?
Well, for one thing,
I need to keep making money.
I'll do anything to earn cash.
[sniffs] Seriously, anything.
[refrigerator door closes]
Oh, Tae-ho, there you are!
Heard you just came from Earth, huh?
Eh, still nothing?
Uh, why are you wearing
plastic bags on your feet, huh?
[in French] Oh, how's Captain Jang?
Beautiful as ever?
[in English] She asked me to tell you.
[in French] For me? What did she say?
[in English] If you talk to her again,
she'll kill you.
[scoffing]
[in English] That's good.
[in French] Let's watch TV.
[indistinct chatter on TV]
[Pierre in English] Twenty-five,
fifty-two.
[reporter on TV] Meanwhile, authorities
continue to search for Dorothy…
[in French] Whoa. She looks so real.
[in English] Have you guys seen this?
…the missing android, which was stolen
two days ago by the extremist Black Foxes.
[Pierre in French] Black Foxes
give me the creeps.
[reporter in English] To date,
no clues have been found.
[Tae-ho] I'm out of here.
[man on TV] It may look
like an innocent child,
but it is actually a devastating weapon
of mass destruction.
[reporter] If you encounter Dorothy,
do not go near it.
-[Pierre] Ciao.
-[reporter] Call 900 immediately.
-[mouse squeaking]
-Ah, come on!
[Karum] You built Victory
with reinforced duralumin.
Installed quantum radar. Top speed 48,000
with 3.2 million pounds of thrust.
You've got this beast of a ship.
Why can't you make any money?
[Tae-ho] It's all debt, man.
A lot of it is just
garbage collection shit.
Captain Jang went overboard
on the modifications.
We first got into debt because we had
to repair it, then came the fines.
And debt on the base of more debt.
[Karum] But you guys have good teamwork.
[Tae-ho] Teamwork, my ass.
We're all hanging by a thread.
-[Bubs humming]
-[cards shuffling]
[soft jazz music playing]
[Bubs] Hmm… check!
[Bubs hums]
[gasps] Damn.
[Jang] Seven, three. I'm screwed.
[Bubs] You guys are betting chump change.
Stop overthinking it. Hurry up!
-[Tae-ho] I'll double it.
-[Bubs singing indistinctly]
[Bubs] Whoa, ten dollars, what a jackpot.
[Jang] I'll see that and add two more.
[Bubs singing indistinctly]
[Park] I'm out.
[singing continues]
Can you shut your mouth for once?
I don't have a mouth. Joke's on you.
What are you all angry at me for?
That's it. I'm done after this round.
It's no fun. Everyone's so on edge.
There's something I need to say
to everyone here now.
Sure, but if it's about me,
I don't wanna hear it.
-[Tae-ho] Feeling lucky today. All in.
-[money rustles]
Someone's taken the rice.
[Park] I've been saving it
for a special occasion.
First, it was a toolbox.
Then, it was the battery.
I think some asshole here
has been stealing stuff from the ship
to make extra money on the side.
[canister clanking]
Captain Jang, can't imagine
that booze is cheap.
[Park] I'm sure a bottle like that
costs at least 80.
Shut up. I'm in, come on.
I'll raise you ten.
Change the subject fast, huh? I guess
you like to insult my intelligence.
The old me would've already strung you up
to keep others from getting ideas.
Are you losing your fucking mind or what?
-[gun powering up]
-Wanna find out who really gets strung up?
Oh, remember the grace period
for our loan is up.
We have to pay 2,000
in a month going forward.
Didn't we get an extension on that?
What's our remaining balance?
By now, it should be about…
Let's see. Maybe 16, $17,000?
Not to mention the nine grand
we owe the union.
I'm gonna find out who the thief is today,
no matter what you do.
I don't have a clue
what you're talking about.
Now if you'll excuse me,
this is a big hand.
[Bubs] We also received a notice
of seizure from the court last week.
It's a financial disaster.
Bubs, you don't have to tell me
things I don't ask about, okay?
All right, sure. There was one
more thing, but I'll stop there.
[sighs] What is it?
Our money manager ran away.
-What?
-Remember Piggy's dad, who had the fund?
Anyway, the guy ran off. We found out
about it while you went down to Earth.
[Bubs] Guess we forgot to tell you.
-What are you talking about?
-[Bubs] Right, show your cards!
Looks like I won again.
I'm getting a little bored of this.
[Tae-ho] Captain Jang,
you knew about this?
-[Jang] But I thought…
-[Bubs titters]
[Tae-ho] You said we could trust this guy.
We invested all our money
with him, and he runs away?
-We gotta play again tomorrow.
-Shit! We lost 100,000! All we had!
You think I'll go easy on you
'cause you're the captain?
-Where's my money?
-Where's my rice?
-[Jang screams]
-Captain Jang!
Oh, sorry.
[Jang] Too slow.
-[both groan]
-[taser gun fires]
-[electric whirring]
-[laughs]
[both groaning]
-[Bubs humming]
-[electricity crackles]
One, two, step over you.
TOUCH THIS AND I'LL BREAK YOUR WRIST
[Bubs giggles]
[Victory] Fine for satellite damage,
720, has been withdrawn.
-Remaining balance, zero.
-[Bubs sighs]
[Bubs] That's a lot of zeros.
One, two, three.
Jeez, skin is freaking expensive.
[Park] Whenever I caught a thief,
I'd cut off both hands.
I kept one and sent the other one
to his boss.
[Bubs] Ah, Park's talking about
the old days again.
Why doesn't he tell his therapist?
[Park] That's Tiger Park to you,
rust bucket.
Where are all those hands now,
if you kept some?
-Don't believe me?
-[Bubs] I believe you. I do.
I just want one for myself. That's all.
Graphene titanium.
Sharpest axe in the world.
One hand for you, one hand for me.
[Tae-ho] Cut the chatter
and let's get some work done.
[Bubs] Ugh. I should've taken a day off.
You know, I'm surprised this ship
is in such good condition,
if it came from Lagrangian Point.
Shouldn't the nanobots
have eaten it up by now?
Ugh. What if they spread to us?
[Park] What are you afraid of?
They're already everywhere.
But we don't have these nanobots.
Lagrangian Nanobots are invincible.
They don't even die.
I'm telling you. If these get aboard,
all of us will die.
[Tae-ho] Don't you worry about that.
I will starve to death
long before that happens.
Do you think poverty makes us bad
or we're poor because we're bad?
If you starved to death, I'd transfer
ownership of this ship to me--
[loud thud]
-Huh?
-[Bubs] What's that?
[low humming]
[tense music playing]
[gasps]
-[metal straining]
-[indistinct thudding]
[thudding continues]
[grunts]
[twinkling]
[tense music playing]
[Bubs beeps]
[Tae-ho] A missing child. Great.
We can forget about getting any work done.
Police will drag us around.
They'll nitpick everything
and find an excuse for more fines.
[Victory] Projected profit loss, $7,300.
-This is so annoying.
-[Bubs] What a headache.
If we find her parents,
think they'd pay us?
[Tae-ho] Hey, are you a UTS citizen?
[Bubs] She doesn't have a translator.
Uh, are you a UTS citizen?
-Huh? What's UTS?
-[Bubs] Oh, are you Korean?
Does your family have a big house?
Lots of stuff?
I don't have a home.
Can you give me some food, please?
I'm getting hungry.
Hey, kid. Shut it.
You've got some nerve, huh?
[Bubs sighs] Ugh, not even a thank you.
[clears throat]
You found her in the cabin?
[Bubs] Yes, between the air bags
and the cargo bag.
I'm surprised that she survived.
[Bubs] But that funny little bowl cut
looks familiar for some reason.
[exclaims]
[Tae-ho] Su-ni?
Now, where did my Su-ni go?
-Oh, there she is!
-[giggling]
Ah, I found my little girl.
[Jang] We'll take her
to the security center
as soon as we fix the ship.
[monitor chiming]
[reporter] Meanwhile, UTS authorities
continue to search for Dorothy.
-[Bubs] You sure we haven't met?
-I'm sure.
[reporter] The android was last seen
two days ago with the Black Foxes,
who allegedly planted a compact
hydrogen bomb in its hardware.
This is what the weaponized robot
looks like.
The innocent face masks a deadly weapon.
The robot is highly lethal.
-[preparing to sneeze]
-[Bubs exclaiming nervously]
It poses a grave danger and could be used
to terrorize the entire UTS.
-Get down!
-[kettle whistling]
[sneezing and giggling]
-[kettle beeping rapidly]
-[Bubs] Huh?
[kettle whistles]
-Huh?
-[panicked gasp]
Move! Move!
[giggles]
No! No! Stay back! No, no!
[panting]
What's up with that kid?
That kid is a fucking bomb.
No wonder.
That's why we couldn't get a reading.
Her skin grafts looks so real. Wow!
[Jang] Hey, look out. She's on the move.
[Bubs] The bomb won't go off
if she gets upset, right?
Shut up, I'm calling the cops.
Nine, zero, zero.
[operator] Thank you for calling
the UTS Crime Hotline.
If you are a citizen, press one.
Non-citizens, press two.
[Park] Non-citizen.
[Tae-ho] Why don't you tie her up
outside the ship, Bubs?
[Bubs] Me? Why do you always ask me
to do the dangerous stuff?
[Park] Press 14 for miscellaneous crimes.
Is this a miscellaneous crime?
[Jang] One of us has to do it.
Rock, paper, scissors?
[all] Rock, paper, scissors.
[all mutter]
[ominous music playing]
Whoa! Whoa! Oh…
Stay back. No, no, don't come near me!
-I spilled and wanted to wipe it up.
-Shut your mouth.
-[Park] How did he screw that up?
-[Jang] What a moron.
[Bubs] Oh, dear.
[stammers] Don't even look at me.
And don't take any deep breaths.
You better not get attached, okay?
I'm not a good person.
-[thuds]
-Huh?
[clatters]
That's one convincing robot.
[clears throat]
[sighs]
That thing gives me the creeps.
What's all that?
WRITING KOREAN
[Tae-ho] "Kang Hyeo-nu"? Who's that?
[Tae-ho] UTS, huh?
[beeping]
"Kang Hyeo-nu."
[Tae-ho] Tons of missed calls.
Last one made just now.
[expectant music playing]
We gotta talk about this, guys.
MR09: 9TH RESIDENTIAL DISTRICT
FOR NON-CITIZENS
-[Bubs] Don't blow up! Don't blow up!
-[Tae-ho] Ay, ay, ay!
[nanobots chiming]
[nanobots chirping]
[expectant music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
-You called the cops?
-Yeah, but they had me on hold all day.
-Will they come?
-No way.
[Park sighs]
Time to listen up, you guys.
Two Black Fox were shot by Space Guards
while running away with the kid.
One of them is dead,
but the other one escaped.
The kid entered Lagrangian Point
on her own. So…
Both the Space Guard and the Black Fox
are looking for her everywhere.
[Bubs] Uh, does this story have a point?
'Cause I'm getting bored.
[sighs] I'm telling you.
We can use her to make
some real money here.
-[Bubs] Money?
-Would the cops give us non-citizen money?
-Not on your life.
-So you're saying,
it'd be better for us to try selling
that bomb to the Black Foxes?
In other words, you want us
to extort money from those terrorists?
We'd bag a million bucks.
-A million?
-[Jang] I don't know.
Sounds like a shitty thing to do.
Why do you care?
Fine by me.
I'll just make the money myself.
[Park] Not so fast.
What gives you the right to take it?
You walk out now
and I'll have the Space Guard
all over you in five minutes.
Listen. Jang, it's 40 to you.
Then 30 to Park and me.
-Okay?
-[glass shatters]
"Okay"?
[sighs]
-[Bubs] Forgetting someone?
-Right, then.
35 to you, 35 to me, 20, 10.
What do you think?
-"Ten"?
-Why am I second to last, huh?
What the hell happened to my 40%?
[Park] You saying I don't matter
or something?
[Jang] I want my five back.
[Bubs] I'm worth way more than ten!
40, 30, 20, and I'll take 10.
Are you happy?
[Bubs laughing]
-Greedy people go to hell, remember?
-[Bubs] Fine by me.
You sure you can really handle
a job like this?
'Cause I've got doubts.
Hey, Park. You forgot
about what I used to do, huh?
I've dealt with assholes
like them all the time.
You just gotta tell them what you want.
Not getting intimidated.
[man in Filipino] Are you going to order?
If not, then get out.
[Tae-ho in English] I'll have a coke.
[Park] Where is she?
Where's the freaking kid?
What… What is that?
Is that… Is that a giraffe?
This kid is drawing all over my room
without asking me.
Hey!
Damn, the microphone's broken.
What do we do?
[Jang] Use your headset
and jack up the pitch.
-What is this?
-It's a smartphone.
Uses a private satellite, hard to trace.
Very popular with criminals.
[Jang] They caught one
of the Black Foxes, right?
If he had this,
won't the police know where to find us?
I don't really know
a ton about the technical side.
Do you know a ton about the Black Foxes?
Not too much.
They weren't around in my day.
You don't know anything, huh?
There we go. Huh? Should I call?
Mmm.
All right, then.
[suspenseful music playing]
[line ringing]
[Tae-ho distorted on mic in Spanish] Uh…
Hello?
-[taps keypad]
-[calibrating]
Do you own this object, Dr. Kang?
[Hyeo-nu] How much do you want?
[gasps]
[in English] How much? How much? Fuck!
-How much? A million? Two million?
-Let me think.
-What do you think?
-A million! Wait!
-[Tae-ho in Spanish] Two million.
-[in English] Hold on.
-[Tae-ho] No, no, no.
-Two million is too high, 1.5.
[Tae-ho in Spanish]
One and a half million.
If you really insist,
we'll give you a discount.
[Hyeo-nu] Two million. In cash.
-[all exclaim]
-[Hyeo-nu] Let's meet immediately.
[in English] Come on, come on!
[Hyeo-nu in Spanish] I'll pay you
once I see it.
[Hyeo-nu] By Exit Two
of the Jenice Telescope Station.
Zone G at 13:00.
-[Tae-ho] Not there! No!
-[Park in English] Come on, come on.
[in Spanish] At 32nd Commercial District,
Club Ghost…
in front of Gate Two at 14:00.
[Park exclaims]
Just a minute!
[in English] What should I tell him?
[in Spanish] I'm worried
about an explosion.
Should I take precautions?
[Hyeo-nu] It won't explode
without an order.
If this is a prank call, you will die.
-Don't be late. We won't wait.
-[call drops]
[expectant music playing]
-[Bubs exclaims in English] I'm rich!
-[bottle hissing]
-I'm rich…
-Yeah!
-Yes, a drink. Drink it up!
-[Bubs] Whoo-hoo!
You deserve it after that, huh?
-I knew you'd pull it off.
-Yes, that's right!
[all cheering and laughing]
[distorted in Spanish]
At 32nd Commercial District, Club Ghost,
in front of Gate Two at 14:00.
[in English] Bring me Dorothy.
The fate of the human race is in danger.
[Park] Be quiet and stay still.
Hey, are you listening to me?
But I'm already still.
[sighs]
Is that a giraffe? You could use
some drawing lessons, you know.
It's a dinosaur, dummy.
[tools clanking]
Hey, I'll show you a dinosaur.
Take a good look at that right there.
What do you think about this?
That's how a dinosaur
is supposed to look, huh?
This one's a dinosaur, too.
Look up there, it's the same one.
-That's--
-Look at these other ones I drew.
Well, would you look at that.
I think I know who this is supposed to be.
But don't you think my eyes
are much bigger?
Okay, I'll make the eyes a little bigger.
[Park] Yes, that's right.
Good, show me. The nose, too. Look.
-[Dorothy] The nose?
-[Park] Yes, bigger. A lot bigger.
[deep inhale]
-[sneezes]
-[Bubs] You're just doing this
to torture us, aren't you?
Do me a favor. If you're about
to explode, let us know, please.
I want a chance to get out of here, okay?
All right, time for you
to put this thing on.
Does that mean we're going
home soon, Uncle Tiger?
-Uh…
-[Tae-ho] All right, go time. Ready?
We have five minutes!
[Park] Gotta warm up the engine
or it might die.
[Tae-ho] I'm gonna die if we're late!
Come here. Bubs, you, too.
Two million! Think about two million, huh?
Okay, let's huddle up.
One, two, three! We got this.
-[Victory] Opening docking port.
-[beeping]
[Tae-ho] Ah, we don't have time for this.
Who is it? Didn't you lock the door?
-"P-O-L-I-C…"
-[beeping]
-Everyone act normal.
-[Dorothy] "Police."
Let's move!
-[doorbell buzzing]
-[Tae-ho] Wait, wait, wait.
-[Park] This way. Hide her over here.
-Stop it!
Hurry up!
[officer in Danish] I'm forcing the door!
[tense music playing]
Why didn't you open up?
-No respect for the UTS Police?
-[Tae-ho] Ugh.
[in English] This door.
It's a little funny sometimes.
What's wrong with it this time?
[in Danish] You really went wild
on the illegal modifications to your ship.
[in English] Our captain likes
to fly it as fast as possible.
[in Danish] Such an ugly ship
is an insult to UTS citizens.
[in English] We will be careful
from now on.
[in Danish] What the hell?
Isn't this military equipment?
-[metal clinking]
-Where did you get it?
[in English] That old thing. We picked him
up for cheap at the recycling depot.
He's a good kid.
[whispers] Stay down.
[in Danish] Why grow plants
on a spaceship?
[in English] Um, excuse me, sir.
We're in a bit of a rush.
What can we do for you?
[in Danish] That's what I want to know.
You're the one who called the police.
Number 14. Miscellaneous crimes.
[Tae-ho in English] Let me explain.
We just called to ask a question.
[crackling]
[object clatters]
-[shushes]
-[tapping baton]
Two minutes left! Just two minutes!
This is crazy! Ah!
[in Danish] Who were you looking at?
Huh?
[Bubs in English] Hey! What the hell
are you doing? That's my money.
You can't take it!
-[gasps]
-[Bubs] What are you doing?
-We never agreed to use my money.
-[sneezing]
-Stop it! Stop it!
-You son of a bitch!
Wait, sir, hold on!
We have a very important meeting!
Here, take this.
Sir, please, wait, let me just explain--
[Jang] We got you on video.
I'm surprised you showed up, officer.
You cops never seem to respond
to calls made by non-citizens.
-Hey, Bubs.
-Yeah?
-Did you record him accepting the money?
-[Bubs] Huh?
Oh! Oh, yeah. Of course,
I'm always recording! Nothing escapes me.
The lights are off on your ship,
so I bet your shift is over.
[Jang] Collecting bribes after hours?
We could report that, couldn't we?
[in Danish] Bitch!
I didn't ask for bribes.
[Jang in English] You didn't tell us
which department you're from.
-Hey, isn't that an illegal firearm?
-[Bubs] Ah, that prick.
Thought you got deported to Earth
if they catch you with an illegal firearm.
Well, I think that's right. You're pretty
brave to carry it in the open like that.
[Jang] You were smart,
you'd keep it disassembled.
Just another asshole in a power trip
letting himself get carried away.
[Bubs] Think you're better
than a few fine non-citizens like us?
What gives you the right
to hit me on the head?
Matter of fact, what gives you
the right to do anything?
-Listen to me.
-[Bubs] Okay, I'm all metal.
If you were really serious
about getting away with this,
you'd have to kill all of us
and destroy the evidence.
Think you can handle that?
But there's always the option
of getting the hell out of here.
-[in Danish] You're going to pay for this!
-[Bubs in English] Okay! Fuck off!
[Dorothy] Captain?
[Tae-ho] He's gone! Okay, he's gone!
Hey, Park, get ready!
-The bag.
-[Park] Okay, the bag's ready! Let's go.
UTS 32ND COMMERCIAL DISTRICT
[Tae-ho] Hey, Park, hurry, come on!
[dance music playing]
Told you this place
would be better for the swap.
God damn, sometimes I even impress myself.
-Good job to me, huh?
-[Park] Hey, Tae-ho.
I was wondering something.
What… What's gonna happen to our kid?
-[Tae-ho] "Our kid?"
-[Park] Well, yeah.
[Tae-ho] She's not ours,
and she's not even a kid.
Who gives a shit if they blow her up
or throw her in the garbage or whatever?
-[Park] I mean, still--
-Listen.
We're here to make money, remember?
Pull yourself together, okay?
[Park] Oh, shit. It must be getting stuffy
in there. Hang on a bit longer, okay?
[crowd cheering and laughing]
[exhales]
[distorted voice in Spanish] Hey, asshole.
I told you, Gate Two!
Do you want your pet or not?
Are you new at this?
No bullets?
And you came alone.
Do you trust me or underestimate me?
Follow me, asshole!
[soldier 1 in English] I got eyes
on Dr. Kang. No ID on the other male.
[soldier 2 on radio] Take them all out
as soon as you see Dorothy.
[Tae-ho] Okay, guys, get ready!
[distorted voice in Spanish] Just speak
in English, Kang Hyeo-nu.
Don't try any tricks. [laughs]
-[man in English] First, give me the girl.
-Money first.
[distorted voice in Spanish] Money first!
Ha-ha!
[soldier in English] Make sure to retrieve
Dorothy's body. Prepare to engage.
Is this the correct amount?
[gasps]
[Tae-ho] You see what I see?
-Nice.
-[gasps]
[smooches]
[both laughing]
[Hyeo-nu] What the hell is this?
She's not in here.
You bastards!
Who the hell are you anyway, huh?
-[Tae-ho] Huh?
-Where did she go?
[soldier] Dorothy's gone.
I lost it. I lost it.
[club music playing]
[Jang] You need to find her right now!
If anyone recognizes her, we're done!
[club music continues]
[Hyeo-nu] Kot-nim!
[music fading]
[crowd murmuring]
Kot-nim!
-God damn it.
-[man in Filipino] Who is this kid?
[reporter in English] It is nearly
indistinguishable from a real human child,
but is actually a dangerous weapon
that could cause mass destruction.
It is equipped with a micro-explosive…
Stay calm, everyone! It won't go off.
Trust me, it won't! No--
-[crowd screams]
-Eyes on the DJ booth.
-[gun firing]
-[exploding]
-What's happening?
-[Bubs] What--
[soldier on radio] Target locked.
All units engage.
[Tae-ho] Out of the way! Kot-nim, go!
[Hyeo-nu] Kot-nim!
Kot-nim!
Kot-nim! Kot-nim!
Where'd Hyeo-nu go? Oh, my God!
Kang Hyeo-nu! Come back here! Now!
-[exploding]
-[nanobots chirping]
Holy shit.
-[both grunt]
-[thuds]
[soldier on radio] Fire, Number One.
Take it down.
Camilla, no organic matter detected.
They're gone.
How the hell did you let that kid
out of your sight?
Hey, Park, why do you always
have to do things so half ass, huh?
Why did you return the money?
We could have just taken it and got away!
You think you're smart? It was your idea
to make the swap on a packed club.
-Shit!
-[bag clatters]
[Bubs] I knew this wouldn't work out.
You always say that
after something doesn't work out.
Would have worked if I had come with you.
-Then why the hell didn't you, huh?
-Can't handle the truth, huh?
Both of you shut up for a second.
The smartphone, we can track--
[shatters]
This thing almost got us caught.
The Space Guards
were listening to everything.
I kept the number and the line code,
so we can use our own signal.
Radio messages can't travel too far,
but we'll keep trying.
First, let's get the fuck out of here.
The engine's dead.
It means we're stuck here.
[sighs] What are we gonna do? This is so…
God, it's just…
Two million bucks, we're so screwed!
Uncle Tae-ho, did you lose a lot of money?
Hey, I'm not done with this one yet.
What was your name again?
-Kot-nim is my name.
-"Kot-nim"?
-[Bubs] Aren't you Dorothy?
-But my real name is just Kot-nim.
Kot-nim. That's pretty.
[Bubs] Kot-nim?
Doesn't roll off the tongue.
-[Park] It's better than "Bubs."
-Don't say her name.
-Kot-nim, what's wrong?
-I think Uncle Tae-ho is scared of me.
Hmm?
No, that's not true. Come here.
-[grunts]
-[Tae-ho softly] Oh, my God.
Do we think Kot-nim
is something to be afraid of?
Hey, put down the fucking bomb, man.
I think Uncle Tiger
is the scariest person here.
-Better watch out!
-[giggles]
-Let's go scare Tae-ho! Scaredy-cat!
-Hey, come on!
-What's the matter?
-Enough!
-[Park] There he goes. Let's go get him.
-Guys, I'm not joking. Just quit it.
-[Tae-ho] Stay away from me!
-[Park] Run, run, run!
-Let's go get him!
-[Tae-ho] Don't come near me!
[Park] He's so scared, look at him.
[mysterious music playing]
[woman on recording] Another miracle
brought to you
by UTS's latest nanobot technology.
The Tree of Life, the Super Plant,
takes its roots in a whole new planet.
Welcome to the second space revolution.
Mars. A happiness you never knew.
Krypton waves have
the ability to defuse nanobots
and are only emitted during
the detonation of a hydrogen bomb.
But all of that is irrelevant
to our presentation.
[man] Exactly. Totally irrelevant.
[woman in Chinese] The Black Foxes have
a hydrogen bomb.
Many UTS citizens are worried about that.
[man in English] The reach
of Krypton waves is 5,000 kilometers.
There's no danger of exposure to Mars.
[Sullivan] I would like
to add a few words to the voiceover.
The video is not a matter
of urgency at the moment.
Before Tree of Life, I would like you
to say this is a species
genetically modified
to survive in Mars soil,
that it can only grow on that planet.
[stammers] I just thought that--
We have to make it stunningly clear
that there is no hope left on Earth.
-I'm very sorry, Mr. Sullivan.
-[growls] Prove it!
-[glass shatters]
-[Sullivan] I need empirical evidence.
[threateningly] Physically prove
your crushing regret.
[flesh rippling]
Right here and now.
-[gasping]
-[flesh rippling]
[Pierre] ♪ I need to find a way back home
Where the fields are green ♪
Pierre, we appreciate the help, really,
but if you could maybe not sing
on the emergency channel
-while the other ships can hear you.
-[man 1] Shut up, Pierre!
[man 2 in Spanish] There goes
that idiot again!
[Pierre in English] Désolé!
I guess I forgot to turn it off again.
The channel automatically reloads
when I reboot the system.
Captain Jang, I wrote a song for you.
I would love for you to hear it.
Please.
-[strums]
-[inhales]
♪ Do you remember that night? ♪
♪ I can't forget that kiss we had ♪
♪ And when we woke up the next morning ♪
-♪ I will never forget ♪
-This thing broken?
[Pierre] ♪ Your eyes were
As clear as a lake ♪
-♪ Everybody, come on! ♪
-Please turn it off!
[Pierre vocalizing]
MAINTENANCE HANGAR: IN THE FACTORY
[Park] You hear that?
Captain Jang kissed Pierre.
[Bubs] Please, they did
way more than that.
[Tae-ho] Who cares?
Bubs, give me your cash.
[Bubs] Not again!
-[man] Is this strawberry flavor?
-[vendor] Yes, sir.
[man] Thank you.
[Bubs] Why is my money
always the emergency fund?
I bought that battery last time, remember?
We also need a welding rod.
-They closed my tab long ago.
-Whatever. I just think it's ridiculous.
[Bubs] Three grown adults
and not a dollar between you.
After this, we'll be dirt broke.
What did I even save for?
I'm sorry to bother you, Tae-ho.
-[Kot-nim] Can you do me a favor?
-Can't.
But I haven't said what it is yet.
Whatever it is, you can tell me,
but it won't change anything.
-Can I borrow your scissors, please?
-No.
[Tae-ho sighs]
-You can do me a favor.
-Good idea! Whatever it is, let's go!
High five!
Don't do anything. I want no giggling,
chatting, or drawing.
None of that.
[sighs]
Scissors, huh?
[uplifting music playing]
-Careful now.
-Yeah, I'll be careful.
[Tae-ho] I meant with the tomatoes.
[Tae-ho giggling]
Hey, I told you to wait on the ship!
As soon as I found these, Pierre,
I thought of you and came straight here.
Thanks again for everything.
-[in French] Damn, is that a real tomato?
-I've never tasted one myself.
Damn, that's good!
-[in English] One dollar for each of them.
-One dollar!
[Tae-ho] Enjoy!
Thank you!
-Thank you very much!
-[man] Two red tomatoes.
-Two dollars. Two for the gentleman.
-Two tomatoes for you.
-Hey, I said red!
-Your turn.
Yay, we're gonna be a huge success!
[Tae-ho] Hey, one at a time.
No cutting in line.
Thanks! Bye!
It tastes so bad.
[Tae-ho] Twenty-two, twenty-three… Okay!
[spits]
Got it all over your face.
-Much better.
-[giggles]
What are you laughing at?
There.
[Tae-ho] I got us a welding rod!
[Bubs] Now, Tiger Park, there's a story.
Hold still.
Once, he was the leader of a drug cartel.
Used the money he made selling drugs
to help poor kids.
He had more money than he could count.
He had to weigh the cash with a scale.
At one point, he even had
a tiger as a pet!
As for Captain Jang, she is smart,
but has such a temper.
So be careful not to get on, okay?
And, you know,
she has the most foul mouth--
-[yawns]
-Hey, I'm telling you important stuff!
Why is the ship called Victory?
Oh, Captain Jang was looking for ideas,
and I came up with it.
I used to think that winning
was always a good thing.
What about you, lady,
what did you used to do?
"Lady"?
Huh.
[chuckling]
My goodness, I mean, that's…
you just made my day.
I'm planning to get
skin grafting done, actually.
If I alter my bone structures, too,
it'll cost about 20,000.
This is all illegal, of course.
It's just I can't go through with it
because I'm afraid
people will laugh at me.
[chuckles] But that's just an excuse.
I can't afford it, even if I wanted to.
[chuckling] You wanna know
what I used to do?
Air-to-air combat,
infiltrating behind enemy lines,
assassinations, and…
[beeps] Wait, you're not actually a--
-Not what?
-[Bubs] Oh, now I'm really jealous.
Why didn't you just come out and tell me?
Aren't we girlfriends? You can trust me.
Do you think Uncle Tae-ho
has always been this scary?
He's not scary, dear.
He's just poor, desperate, and mean.
Kim Tae-ho.
Sometimes, I feel bad for him.
[soldier] Illegal aliens on board.
Permission to engage.
-[gunfire]
-[explosions]
-[loud ringing]
-[crying]
[all screaming]
[guns firing]
[Bubs] Tae-ho was a child soldier.
In his short life, he had
already seen terrible things.
One day, he saw something
he never had before, a human baby.
He told us it looked like an angel to him.
[soldier on mic] Illegal status.
Case number 349547.
Female, seven months.
[Bubs] According to the rules, he should
have sent her back to Earth immediately.
But he had power back then,
and chose not to.
Oh, I'm sorry, sweetie!
Hold on a sec. Let me just…
Ah…
[Tae-ho] Make sure she naps at two.
If she won't drink her formula,
give her warm water.
[Bubs] As time went on,
he grew attached to her.
So just like that, he became a dad.
He was only 20 years old.
Make sure not to go too far. You hear me?
Su-ni? Su-ni? Su-ni!
[doctor] Surgery could bring
her hearing back.
But she will have to work on her
pronunciation for the rest of her life.
It appears that an extremely loud noise
damaged her auditory nerves.
It's all my fault.
I would do anything for you.
I swear that I'll be
the best dad in the world, all right?
No matter what happens,
I'll always be there for you.
[tranquil music playing]
[Bubs] After that, Tae-ho
couldn't hurt anyone.
SU-NI, I LOVE YOU
MORE THAN ANYTHING IN THE WORLD
I THINK OF YOU WHEN I'M EATING,
PUTTING ON MY SHOES…
[Tae-ho] Su-ni,
Daddy wrote a song for you.
I could sing it for you now, if you want.
Would you like that? Okay, here I go.
♪ Su-ni ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Su-ni, you're my everything ♪
♪ When I'm eating food ♪
♪ When I tie my shoes ♪
♪ Always think of you ♪
♪ My sweet girl ♪
[both laughing]
Oh!
You can't dismiss me without a trial.
What have I done? Let go!
You won't get away with this! You hear me?
[Bubs] He got kicked out
of the Space Guards
because he wouldn't kill for them.
He lost everything he had.
He fell from the top of the food chain
and hit rock bottom overnight.
[somber music playing]
Daddy, look!
It's just a piece of junk.
Actually, it looks like a shooting star.
If you make a wish, it will come true.
[sighs]
[Bubs] After wandering around
for a year without a home,
Tae-ho lost himself.
-[gambler 1 laughing]
-[gambler 2 exclaims]
[gambler laughing] Sorry to rob you
so blindly.
You mad?
-[gambler laughing]
-[money rustling]
[vendor] No! You have to pay!
[bottles vibrating]
[ominous music playing]
-[woman] What is that?
-[all clamoring and screaming]
[rumbling]
[object crashing]
[indistinct screaming]
-[Tae-ho groans]
-[alarm blaring]
Su-ni, we're gonna have a feast tonight!
Let's get out of here, okay?
-Su-ni, did you hear me?
-[automated voice] Impact alert.
-Su-ni!
-[automated voice] Space debris collision.
-[automated voice] MR-13 Block 27.
Sealing off all connected passages.
[loud explosions]
[Tae-ho screaming]
-[inaudible]
-[melancholy music playing]
[clerk] Hmm, that trajectory
doesn't look so great.
I'm going to ask nine crafts
to be assigned to her search mission,
and we will scan the orbit
using her DNA info.
This is provided for free.
The blinker slows down
as the body grows further.
Considering her weight,
the location of disappearance,
and the direction of the trajectory,
I project about three years
for her to completely vacate the orbit.
"Vacate the orbit"?
After three years, she'll be gone forever.
Zero chance of recovery. Don't worry.
We have a 100% recovery rate for searches
if found within the first four days.
The cost will be 194,000…
Our services are cash only
for non-citizens, inmates,
and customers with criminal records.
And, as you know,
non-citizens are always cash only.
-If you could get the process started--
-Next! Number 298!
-Please!
-[man 1] You are done!
[man 2] A-76301.
[Bubs] Even now,
he is still looking for Su-ni.
She's probably still out there
waiting for her dad.
Somewhere in the dark universe.
[Tae-ho grunts] Hey, Park.
Are you using the torque wrench right now?
[Tae-ho groans]
Where is that guy? Park!
Who told you you could use my--
[Bubs] Hmm, it's still missing something.
Hello there, sir.
-Who is this?
-[Bubs] A friend of mine.
-We're busy right now, get lost.
-[Kot-nim] Can we do something else?
[Bubs] Fine, just one more touch.
Ugh, what now?
Are there any adults?
"Adults"? Do I look like some baby to you?
Oh, I meant human adults.
-[phone line ringing]
-[Bubs gasps] It's ringing! Listen!
Listen, it's ringing!
[grunts]
[Bubs] Tae-ho! Hurry! Hurry! Come quick!
-[line ringing]
-[Bubs] Should I answer it? Hurry!
-Stop!
-What? What?
We're from the Sector D Superior Court.
We have orders to--
-[line ringing]
-[beeps]
[Tae-ho distorted in Spanish] Uh... hello?
[Hyeo-nu in English] F Building,
ground floor.
-Who is that?
-[Hyeo-nu] Meet me there in 30 minutes.
[distorted in Spanish] Hey! No, no, no…
Um…
Block 27, MR-13, in…
two hours, okay?
[Hyeo-nu in English] I'm waiting
till you show up.
-[line disconnects]
-[Bubs] All good?
[Tae-ho and Bubs cheering and laughing]
[Tae-ho] We're back on!
From now on, this property
will belong to the bank.
I'm very sorry for this situation.
[man continues indistinctly]
[Tae-ho] Go check the engine first.
We have to leave in 30 minutes.
Where did Captain Jang go?
I haven't seen her in a while.
-Hope she's not drinking again.
-I don't wanna send Kot-nim back.
Who knows what those Black Fox bastards
are planning to do with her?
Do you know why I'm still alive?
Cause Su-ni's still out there.
But very soon, she'll leave the orbit.
If that happens,
I'll never be able to find her.
I need that money right now.
We could all… use that money.
Now.
[ethereal music playing]
[gulping]
[ethereal music continues]
[Tae-ho] I feel bad, too, you know.
-But think of all debt we have.
-[Kot-nim screaming]
[Tae-ho] We could pay it all back.
And, Bubs, I mean, he…
[tense music playing]
[Tae-ho] Kot-nim! She's not there?
-Kot-nim!
-[Jang] No, not inside.
-[Park] Kot-nim!
-[Jang] Kot-nim!
-Kot-nim!
-Kot…
-[Jang] Kot-nim!
-[Tae-ho] Where did she go? Kot-nim!
[Tae-ho] Kot-nim!
[dramatic music playing]
[Park] Kot-nim!
[muffled] Uncle Tiger!
-[Kot-nim] Uncle Tiger!
-[Park] Kot-nim!
[Tae-ho] Park, where are you?
[Park] Corridor 17!
[Park] Kot-nim!
[muffled screaming]
Why does it feel like I'm the only one
who does any work around here?
-[grunts]
-[bones crack]
[man groaning]
Who are you?
[ominous music playing]
Get behind me, go.
[Tae-ho] Close your eyes.
You punks wanna dance?
[thug screaming]
[metal clanging]
-[yelling]
-No!
[thugs groaning and coughing]
[footsteps approaching]
I won't let you take Dorothy.
-[taser firing]
-[electricity crackling]
You can open your eyes now.
[Kot-nim] Look!
-[Park] Huh?
-Karum?
[device chiming]
Thank you for coming back.
I know you're a busy man.
But I'm the kind of person that cares
about not being misunderstood.
There's also something
I wanted to show you.
UTS is draining Earth's economy--
Did you know you can tell a person's
moral disposition by his or her DNA?
The first thing we see is character.
At UTS, we select only the most
upstanding citizens to bring to space.
Special Force Squad are the exception.
That these people are wealthy is…
coincidence.
I don't care about money.
When you are as old as I am,
money is hardly of consequence.
UTS continues to suck out money
and valuable human resources from Earth
while dumping radioactive
space debris back on the planet.
You, James Sullivan,
you are accelerating its death!
[Sullivan] I see
you have a wife and a son.
A family man.
I lost my family.
A war broke out the year I was born.
My father died in battle,
and my mother had to beg on streets
to provide for me and my four siblings.
Genocide swept through our village.
Every day, I saw dead bodies falling.
When I was six years old,
my family were killed.
Burned alive before my eyes.
I saw my mother screaming
as her chin melted away.
-[metal clanks]
-[gasps]
[body thuds]
And in that moment,
I made a promise to myself.
[device humming]
I vowed that I would make
the world a better place.
[scoffs]
[whispers] I have to poop.
Oh!
[footsteps thumping]
[farting]
Sorry again for beating you up,
but what the hell's going on here--
I should be asking you that question!
-What are you going to do with Dorothy?
-Let's just call it even--
[in Spanish] Go away!
Before Dorothy exits that door.
-[in English] I don't know why--
-[in Spanish] Don't give us orders!
[in English] It's a suggestion,
not an order.
Bubs, cut off the guy's tongue
if he keeps interrupting.
[thrums menacingly]
See? Now, that is an order.
Looks like we're all trying
to hide something here.
Why don't we talk this out, hmm?
I'll get us started.
Robots don't poop, as far as I know.
Kot-nim is a human.
I knew it.
That must be why I thought
she was so damn adorable.
[Jang] Kang Kot-nim, she's the daughter
of a nanorobotic scientist
named Kang Hyeo-nu.
There. Your turn.
Does Dr. Kang still have the money?
-Money? What money?
-What is she talking about?
[Jang] Damn, they're worse
at this than I thought.
[all arguing]
Turn off the lights. Lock the door.
Black Foxes. Our deal isn't over yet.
I don't wanna hurt you guys.
So please tell me.
What the hell is going on here?
[Sullivan] Little Black Fox,
hunted and caught in a trap
trying to escape with Dorothy.
Shoot him… and answer my question.
I will make you a UTS citizen
effective immediately.
Oh, this man is going to die, anyway.
-You're sick.
-You see…
you talk about protecting the Earth,
but actually you want nothing
more than to be here in Eden.
And you resent the fact
that you weren't one of the chosen.
Why wouldn't you?
You can have everything here.
Clean air. Nice house. Friendly neighbors.
Are you gonna let your family
suffer in that hellhole
for the rest of their lives?
[breathing raggedly]
Look! Look!
You see what you just did?
No…
This is your true nature.
Greed and hatred are engraved in your DNA.
Did you really believe
you deserved a place in Eden?
-Answer me!
-[yelps]
[Sullivan] You're a vile pollutant.
You'll crawl into my paradise
and infect it with your filth.
The world will never be a better place
while it's infested with scum like you.
[voice deepens] My job…
is to cleanse the infection.
-[grunts]
-[flesh rippling]
The future of humanity depends on it.
[knife slicing]
[ominous music playing]
The abductors are Space Sweepers.
Bring them to me.
[Karum] The Black Foxes
are not terrorists.
We were an environmental organization
until the Space Guards came down on us.
We're the only survivors.
Enough with the backstory.
We've been following
this Mars program since the beginning.
[Karum] Don't you think it's strange?
If Mars with its harsh environment
can be turned into green land,
then why couldn't Earth be?
Dorothy isn't an ordinary child.
She was born with a congenital illness
which destroys her nerves.
Nobody had a cure. There was no hope.
As a last resort, Dr. Kang injected
nanobots into her body.
-[nanobots chirping]
-It was like a miracle.
The nanobots repaired the nerves,
and Dorothy was able to walk again.
But the real miracle would come later.
The nanobots and Dorothy were programmed
to send signals to each other.
But the nanobots went further
and started talking to bots
outside her body, too.
Nobody knows how it's possible,
not even Dr. Kang can explain it.
She can make flowers blossom
on a dead tree.
Here was a possibility
to bring life back to Earth.
But Sullivan took Dorothy to use her
in his Mars development project.
He hadn't been getting anywhere before,
but now, he's got this new power.
That's how he turned Mars
into a tropical island.
[Karum] One genetically modified plant
changed Mars.
But nothing can save Earth?
It's all bullshit.
And the mass media
just repeats Sullivan's lies.
And Kot-nim, what will happen to her?
What do you think Sullivan's
gonna do with her?
As Mars became the only planet
where terraforming was possible,
the miracle needed to disappear.
They wiped away everything.
Lab results, data, the scientists
who worked on the project.
[Bubs] Kot-nim got out
before they could kill her.
They can't kill Dorothy.
Dorothy gets protection from the nanobots.
The only way to kill a nanobot
-is to heat it over 200 million degrees--
-A hydrogen bomb.
[device humming]
There's a bomb inside
the Factory's anti-gravity engine.
A real one.
Dorothy will be taken there
and blown into subatomic particles.
[Victory] The Factory
will then crash into the Earth,
causing massive fractures
across the planet's crusts,
as well as tsunamis and nuclear fallouts.
More than three billion people will die.
[Karum] Sullivan is not
a savior of humanity.
-He wants to destroy everything on Earth!
-[gun firing]
-[woman] Was that a gunshot?
-[all murmuring]
-[tense music playing]
-[gun firing]
[all screaming and yelling]
-[groans]
-[all clamoring]
-[helmet chiming]
-Why are you doing this to us?
[gun firing]
[Tae-ho] Hurry up already.
We can go through
the mechanical room at the back.
MR-13, Block 27.
I'm meeting Kang Hyeo-nu back there.
I'll see you there.
We're gonna use the back door!
Come on, Bubs.
-You're with us.
-What about Kot-nim?
I'll protect her.
Just stay calm and we'll walk
right out of here.
Go!
-You! Hold it right--
-[man] I'm not afraid of you!
-[man screaming]
-All done.
-What's wrong?
-[shushes]
[gun firing]
-Hop on.
-Huh?
Come on, hurry up already!
Are you sure you want to go in there?
I just took a dump.
It's a pretty bad one.
[tense music playing]
[grunting]
-[dust falling]
-[blows]
[inhaling deeply]
-[sneezes]
-[Tae-ho whispers] Bless you.
[Kot-nim] Thank you, Uncle Tae-ho.
[sighs]
[grunting]
Hey, Kot-nim, are you doing okay?
[Kot-nim] Yeah, I'm okay. What about you,
Uncle Tae-ho, are you okay?
-I'm okay.
-[metal clanks]
[beeping]
-[soldier] I got a 20 on Dorothy.
-Is it too late to change my answer?
[gunshots on radio]
[soldier] Hallway G-34. Suspect's vessel
is KOR-SH-7901, Victory.
[Tae-ho] We'll be okay, Captain Jang.
Get out of here while you still can.
You hear me, Captain Jang?
[guns firing]
[grunts] Come on!
What the fuck is going on?
[yelling in French]
[soldier on radio] I got Dorothy.
Bridge D4.
[bullets ricocheting]
[soldier] Camilla is at Bridge D6.
Chasing.
Here we go, Kot-nim! Hold tight!
[yelling]
-No!
-[Bubs] Ahh!
No more crazy jumps!
[wire firing]
-[screams]
-You better get inside, Kim Tae-ho!
Hold on, I'll get the harpoon!
-[Kot-nim screams]
-Kot-nim!
-[Bubs] No!
-[Tae-ho] Kot-nim!
[screams]
[sighs]
[chuckles]
Move over! Let me fly.
[Park] We're in, let's go!
[exclaiming] Steady…
Come on!
[all groaning]
[Victory] Entering Lagrangian Point
space debris field.
No!
-[Bubs] Oh, just what we need.
-[Victory] Alter course immediately.
[air jets firing]
LAGRANGIAN POINT SPACE DEBRIS FIELD
[Victory] Steering malfunction.
Steering malfunction.
Everything will be okay.
Keep your eyes closed. Don't open them.
Count to a hundred for me.
-[steam hissing]
-[grunting]
Oxygen leak in the main circuit!
The vent shaft is breached, too!
Engine's about to blow!
[steam hissing]
[straining]
[engine powering down]
Thirty-two, thirty-three…
[Victory] Warning. Warning.
Nanobot infestation detected.
Evacuate ship.
[nanobots chirping]
It's over.
-[electricity zapping]
-[steam hissing]
[crackles]
…seventy-eight, seventy-nine…
[glass crumpling]
…ninety-five, ninety-six…
ninety-nine, one hundred.
[mechanical humming]
[ethereal music playing]
[monitor beeping]
[monitor beeping rapidly]
[cranking lever]
-[loud thud]
-[all groaning]
[Park] Kot-nim!
Kot-nim!
What… what do we do?
Her heart stopped beating.
-[Jang] Someone get the defibrillator!
-Hold on, I'll go get it.
[Bubs] Hey, everyone. Calm down, okay?
You need to stay calm! Calm down, please.
[Tae-ho] Why is this so disorganized?
-[Bubs] Gently!  Don't break her ribs!
-One, two, three, four…
[Park] Five. Kot-nim!
Six. Kot-nim!
Seven. Kot-nim!
-Eight…
-[Kot-nim farts]
[Bubs] Did she just…
Who farted?
You.
[Bubs] You little fart machine.
[all sighing]
She's a robot after all.
-A fart robot!
-[all laughing]
[Bubs] Hey, be honest.
You pooped a little, too.
[all laughing]
-[Kot-nim] I do need to use the bathroom.
-[Bubs] We know.
[Victory] Departing Lagrangian Point.
All systems normal.
[reporter on radio] The suspects are
currently aboard the spaceship Victory,
plate number KOR-7901-SH.
They have been posing
as Korean Space Sweepers,
but are members of the infamous
Black Fox terrorist organization.
We're famous.
[reporter] They were responsible
for the nightclub massacre
in the 32nd Commercial District,
as well as the shooting on the Factory,
the waste management satellite.
They are currently
in possession of Dorothy
and are on the run from authorities.
[man on TV] They're all Korean.
Jang Hyun-sook. Adopted through
the UTS Genius Program
and trained as an engineer.
As a student, she developed
4D AR lenses in addition
to lightweight laser blasters
and EMP mines.
At age 19, she deserted the colony
to form a pirate organization
after becoming immersed
in anti-UTS ideology.
She attempted and failed to assassinate
UTS CEO James Sullivan,
during which attempt
all of her crew members died.
She's suspected to be living
under a false identity
after undergoing eye replacement surgery.
Park Kyung-soo.
Until four years ago, he led
a sizable drug cartel on Earth.
Fled the planet to avoid capture and is
now illegally residing in the orbit.
No one else knows, but he was
sentenced to death before fleeing,
and if he ever returns to Earth,
he will be promptly executed.
Kim Tae-ho. The first-ever UTS Genius.
The only adoptee you carried
into UTS in your arms.
Also the inaugural commander
of the Space Guard.
At age 17, he reset the records
for flight speed missions completed…
[voice fading]
What a sick twist of fate.
[loud crash]
[grim music playing]
[gasps]
[Tae-ho] We're two hours late
for the hand off.
[Jang] He'll be there.
Kang Hyeo-nu has nowhere else to go.
Kot-nim is with us.
We just need to get down
to Earth's airspace, then it's game over.
Sullivan can't touch us there.
Kang Hyeo-nu, the Black Foxes,
Kot-nim, Bubs, you, and Park.
-Once we're all together, we'll head down.
-No way.
I don't like waiting that long.
Those Space Guard assholes
could show up anytime.
Let's just head down to Earth right now.
-We need to keep Kot-nim safe.
-What the heck are you talking about?
We can't go anywhere without the money.
[Tae-ho sighs] No more stupid ideas, okay?
[sighs] I gotta work in here.
Go hang out with Captain Jang.
[Kot-nim] Uncle Tae-ho,
you wanna know something?
There's no up or down in space.
Nothing out here is
better or worse than anything else.
That's because everything out here
has its special place.
Who told you that?
That's what Dad always says.
Hey, Kang Kot-nim, how come
you haven't drawn me yet?
You were the first person I drew,
Uncle Tae-ho.
I didn't show you
because I was scared of you.
Why don't we put this up somewhere?
Anyway, if you wanna draw,
just do it over there, please.
Make sure your stuff doesn't get all over.
-Uncle Tae-ho, your shoes.
-What about them?
They broke.
I know that Su-ni was your daughter.
Why don't we go and see her
together one day?
I don't know where she is,
but we can still see her.
[Park] Has anyone seen Kot-nim? Anyone?
Where is she hiding now,
that little rascal?
-Park's looking for you, I think.
-[gasps]
[receding footsteps]
[expectant music playing]
-That's too cold!
-Sorry.
-[valves squeaking]
-Uh, let's see.
-[water running]
-[Park] How about now?
It's warm.
Oh? Great! [chuckles]
All right, why don't we try
washing your hair?
Kot-nim, we wanna make sure
you're nice and clean for your dad.
Close your eyes.
[Tae-ho] You should put
a bucket underneath!
[grumbling]
Come on, Park, you're doing it wrong.
Why don't you mind your own business
before I get pissed off, huh?
-Hey, let me see. I'll show you.
-[water squirts]
What are you doing?
She's not a newborn baby.
I'm doing fine, thank you.
-Hand it over. Let me show you.
-Why are you bothering us?
-What can you show me? I'll--
-Come on!
-You're gonna get water up her nose.
-Like hell I will.
Give me back the hose right now.
See? That is what you wanted?
-Leave us alone.
-Kot-nim, get out of here.
-[Tae-ho yelps]
-[Park] This is ridiculous!
-Just quit it! Stop! Wait!
-[Kot-nim giggles]
[Tae-ho] Hey! My eyes! Hey! Stand still.
[Jang] Hey! What are you guys doing?
Get out.
-This is all your fault.
-I was just gonna show you.
-Shut up and get out. Come on.
-[Park] You ever raise a kid?
-[Tae-ho] What experience do you have?
-[Park] Oh, I have plenty.
[Jang] Kot-nim, here's some soap.
Close your eyes.
Do those idiots think water
is cheap or something?
[Kot-nim] Is Uncle Tae-ho angry again?
Is he mad because of Su-ni?
[Jang] I don't know.
[Bubs] There it is!
[Victory] Arriving at MR-13
in five minutes.
Switching to manual pilot.
[flicks controls]
[pushes lever]
-[static on radio]
-[Karum] Hello?
-Hello?
-Karum?
[Karum] Can you hear me? Anyone hear me?
We can hear you! We can hear you!
-Where is Dr. Kang?
-[Karum] I just picked him up.
I am with him now.
-[sighs]
-[Karum] He was already there when I came.
-Yeah!
-[Bubs chuckling]
-[Karum] Hurry up.
-Okay.
[Tae-ho] We're going in now.
Karum, your GPS is off, right?
-[Karum] Yeah, it's off.
-[Tae-ho] Can you double-check?
[Karum] You won't find me on your radar.
I flew in here with my eyes alone.
[Tae-ho] Let's be careful.
No trouble this time.
[Kot-nim] Where are we going?
We're going to meet your dad.
No way!
[Kot-nim] He's there? Is he really?
[giggles]
[Karum] Okay, okay, we see Victory.
We see Victory now.
Do you see us?
[Tae-ho] Yes, I see you now.
I see you.
[clanks]
-Hey, Dad!
-Kot-nim!
-Daddy!
-[both crying softly]
-[Kot-nim] I missed you.
I'm so sorry, baby. Daddy's so sorry.
-Kot-nim, you must be starved.
-No, I'm full.
Captain Jang gave me some hot sauce
and made dinner really yummy.
Bubs put makeup on me,
but all of it is gone now.
Uncle Tiger fixed the hole
in my sock and washed my hair for me.
And Uncle Tae-ho and I made
23 dollars from selling our tomatoes.
Can you believe that?
Thanks to all of you. Thank you so much.
-[man 1 clapping]
-[man 2] Good job.
[woman 1] We did it!
[woman 2] I'm so happy she is
with good people.
She is so beautiful.
Look at her. Look at her.
[overlapping chatter]
Tae-ho, my man.
We did it. Look at this.
We did it!
I need to talk to you.
Where is it?
It's in the ship.
You sure there's two million in there?
Don't worry, you'll get your money.
Okay, but I have to make sure
it's all there. You understand?
That's enough about the money.
We'll deal with that later.
[Karum] I can't show you right now.
Not in front of the kid.
[Tae-ho] Just go bring the bag!
That's your job.
[Karum] Since when am I
in charge of the money?
[Tae-ho] Come on, go get the money.
What's so hard about that?
[Park] Guys, take this outside.
[Karum] It'll be fine.
[eerie music playing]
[monitor beeping]
EMP explosives.
[exploding]
[Victory] All systems shutting down
excluding crew life support.
Reboot in progress.
Estimated time, three minutes.
Get the engine running.
Bubs!
[grunts]
[low droning]
[soldier on radio] Take Dorothy
and the Victory crew alive.
Eliminate everyone else.
[gun firing]
-[groans]
-[woman] Karum!
Daddy! Daddy!
-Get away!
-Daddy!
[groans]
Daddy!
-[Tae-ho] Kot-nim!
-[Kot-nim groans]
-Kot-nim!
-[Hyeo-nu] Kot-nim!
[Kot-nim] Daddy, help me!
[guns firing]
[ominous music playing]
-No, please!
-[gun firing]
[grim music playing]
How nice to see you all again.
Park, Bubs, and Tae-ho, I'm…
I'm sorry.
[device beeps]
Captain Jang. She's the only one
that ever got close enough
to aim a gun in my face.
It's been your lifelong dream
to kill me, hasn't it?
[both grunting]
[grunts] Come on. Come on, give it to me.
-[screaming]
-[metal clinks]
Still hanging on to the dream, I see.
-[shatters]
-No!
Never thought I would see
the great Commander Kim Tae-ho
living in such squalor.
[Sullivan] Not that it doesn't suit you.
It does… really.
It was right here, wasn't it?
Three years ago.
The place where you lost your daughter.
Ah…
I'm gonna make Dorothy
disappear with the Factory.
"Giant mass of space junk falls to Earth."
"Earth destroyed by catastrophic impact!"
"‘Earth beyond saving!"
Everyone will think it was
the Black Foxes anyway.
Who cares if a billion lives are lost?
It's genetic defects.
Dr. Kang was unable to keep
his side of the bargain, but I will.
I'm prepared to pay double. Four million.
The money's yours.
Are you gonna let your daughter
drift in space forever?
Time's running out, Tae-ho.
Come on.
Take the money…
and find Su-ni.
[bleak music playing]
The price of Dorothy's life.
You knew, and you still took it!
I want this engraved
in your heart forever.
Now do you see who you really are?
You are no good man.
You will never be a better person.
You just lost your chance
to ever become one.
Smile.
Turn those frowns upside down!
You just won the lottery!
[man] The charges have all
been dropped as of this moment.
[handcuffs clink]
[Victory] Victory. System reboot complete.
[dark music playing]
[Sullivan] Don't kill them just yet.
I want them to see the Factory fall.
The death of their planet.
Then you can kill them.
[low humming]
[on mic] My dear UTS citizens.
Today, we take another step
forward together
towards a new space age.
Today, I present to you
the home,
the answer to our quest
for eternal happiness and prosperity.
Mars.
[dramatic music playing]
Beautiful.
[Tae-ho] My cut's ten, like we agreed.
[sighs]
What, you don't want it anymore?
-That money is filthy.
-Forget it, then.
Jang and Bubs,
you guys split his share.
How can you even think
about touching that blood money?
Got another way to pay
this month's interest?
What about fuel, oxygen, and water?
The insurance payments and the taxes, huh?
The whole ship belongs to the bank.
But I forgot. You don't need money.
Let's face it, we'll never be free.
No matter how hard we work,
there's always more debt, am I right?
[Park] I'm not giving up on her.
Kot-nim is still at the Factory.
-[Tae-ho] Park. Park, listen.
-The engine will need to warm up.
[Park] I'll keep everything running.
One of you can fly.
If we go there, we die,
you understand that?
I don't care about that.
I'm willing to die.
Kim Tae-ho, there's things you have to do.
[Jang] Park and I
will take care of this mission.
So go.
Go and find your daughter.
[dramatic music playing]
[Kot-nim crying]
[soldier on radio] Camilla has completed
setting up the hydrogen bomb timer.
Location, Anti-Gravity Sphere.
All gunners, keep your sights
steady on Victory.
Commence firing
as the Factory hits the Earth.
[clerk] I guess you've been through
a lot since the last time I saw you.
Just take the money.
[clerk] Four hundred thousand?
Wait right here, sir!
We can get a search craft
in less than five minutes.
For that money, we can find
your loved one in 24 hours!
Congratulations. You finally did it.
[blows]
[somber music playing]
WRITING KOREAN
KIM SU-NI
SU-NI, DADDY LOVES YOU THE BEST
I THINK OF YOU WHEN I EAT, PUT ON SHOES…
HELLO, NICE TO MEET YOU
WHAT TIME IS IT NOW
[chuckles softly]
DADDY. SU-NI LOVES YOU THE BEST.
I LOVE YOU WHEN I EAT,
PUT ON SHOES, DO LAUNDRY.
I WANT TO BECOME A GOOD PERSON LIKE YOU.
[Tae-ho] You bastard!
You think you can cheat me, huh?
-Fuck you!
-[man] Hey, guys. Guys, calm down.
It's just a game, okay?
[man] She can't talk,
but she can fight, huh?
-[Tae-ho sighs]
-Hey, Daddy?
Can you go play outside?
Look, I made this for you.
Go buy a snack, okay?
[melancholy music playing]
I WANT TO BECOME A GOOD PERSON LIKE YOU
[reflective music playing]
[Bubs] For years, all they
wanna talk about is money.
Now, we're throwing it out?
Have they gone crazy or something?
Hey, you're back.
-What? Why would you--
-I guess I'm crazy now.
Hey, Park, fill up the tank.
Tae-ho?
I just remembered a promise I made.
-What promise was that?
-[Tae-ho] What are you doing with my seat?
Get out!
[triumphant music playing]
[automated voice] It's been
a long time, captain.
[epic music playing]
[Bubs] Oh, boy.
We're actually doing this.
[grunts]
[engines powering up]
[rumbling]
[Victory] Rear hatch
gravity level 1.2 G's.
Magnetic compensation 0.5 G's.
Hit it.
[beeping]
[soldier] Camilla, Victory is escaping.
They are intercepting our missile.
[gun firing]
There's too many of them.
[soldier on radio] Laser gun. Rear hatch.
[air hissing]
-[monitor beeping rapidly]
-Close the valve now!
-[grunting]
-[machinery sparking]
[lever thuds]
-[Jang grunts]
-[metal sparking]
Bubs, I need some help here.
[whirring]
[powering up]
[epic music playing]
-[yelling]
-[harpoon clangs]
[Bubs grunting]
[clangs]
[strains and yelps]
[Bubs whooping]
[grunts]
[monitor beeping]
[Bubs straining]
[Tae-ho] We're almost there, Bubs.
Everyone hang in there, come on.
[gun firing]
[straining] Ow!
Oh, no, my harpoon!
[thumps]
-[Bubs] Ahh!
-[exploding]
[harpoon whistling]
[Bubs screaming]
[Jang] Good work, Bubs.
-We're clear.
-[clanks]
[exhales]
-[missiles firing]
-[tense music playing]
[sighs] They keep coming.
[automated voice] Rebooting. Rebooting.
-[beeping]
-[Tae-ho] Park, I need one last favor.
I want everything
out of those engines, okay?
You can count on me.
-[engines revving]
-Uh, what's he doing?
Kim Tae-ho, you better not kill us!
[missiles rushing]
[rumbling]
[grunting]
[Bubs straining]
Park, come on!
[Park] I'm almost there!
Just one more.
-[straining]
-[metal clanks]
[engines straining]
-[hissing]
-[Park] It's done!
[explosions crumpling]
-Push it, Park!
-[Park yells]
-[monitor beeping rapidly]
-[booming]
[epic music playing]
[grunts]
-[triumphant music playing]
-[gun firing]
[explosions crumpling]
[exclaiming]
[man] They are headed
to the Anti-Gravity Sphere.
Our Special Forces Squad have failed to…
[flesh rippling]
[Park] Kim Tae-ho, you have a plan
to get us out of this?
[Bubs] I don't think he does!
[Jang] Don't think. Just step on it!
[both straining]
[straining]
Huh?
[tense music playing]
[tense music continues]
-[Bubs] Is that the bomb?
-[device beeping]
[Bubs] If that thing goes off,
we're all dead meat.
[muffled gun firing]
Captain Jang?
-Are you all right?
-Kot-nim! Kot-nim!
There you are!
Uncle Tiger, can you tell me
where my daddy is?
Why don't we just
get you out of here, okay?
-Krypton.
-[Bubs] Where is she?
[panting]
[soft music playing]
[Park] Thank God we found her.
Kot-nim, come on, let's go.
There's no use, it's hopeless.
When the bomb goes off,
it'll send out Krypton waves
within a radius of 5,000 kilometers.
Every nanobot within that distance
will shut down.
-What are you talking about?
-[Bubs] Kot-nim, let's go, come on!
I'm saying that even if she survives,
the disease will kill her.
We won't be able to save her
no matter what.
What are you talking about?
We need to defuse the bomb.
If it doesn't explode,
she'll be fine, right?
We can't stop it.
They put the detonator inside the bomb.
It will go off the second I hack in.
[Jang] No matter what,
that bomb will explode.
And the Factory will crash into Earth.
We can't do anything about that.
[Park] Captain Jang,
why are you talking like this?
We need to keep thinking! Think!
[Tae-ho] If we got her far enough…
If we can take Kot-nim…
far enough away from the explosion…
would that be enough to save her?
-If she's out of range of the emission--
-So how far?
5,132 kilometers.
[gun firing]
[whooshing]
It's the only chance we have.
Then that's what we do.
Get her on the ship.
-[Park] Kot-nim.
-[Tae-ho] We don't have a lot of time.
But I'll go as fast as I can.
[gasps]
-[loud thud]
-[groans]
Uncle Tae-ho!
[ominous music playing]
-[gun fires]
-[clatters]
Listen to me. Run away as fast as you can.
You'll see the ship.
-[Park] Just wait for me inside.
-What's going to happen to you?
Stay in the ship, and I'll bring
everyone back with me, yeah?
[Bubs] Touch her and I'll kill you,
you ugly bitch.
-[slams]
-[groaning]
[ominous music playing]
[yells]
-[groans]
-Kot-nim!
You kids should stay out of this.
I'm the only one here who can handle her.
Park, what are you--
[yelling]
-[banging]
-Hey, Park!
[groaning]
[panting]
[suspenseful music playing]
[air rushing]
[heroic music playing]
[Park] You wanna steal the girl,
then I'll take something from you!
[yelling]
-[axe striking]
-[indistinct screaming]
-[Park] You asked for one. Still warm.
-[Bubs] It is warm.
[gasps] That's a real hand!
-Thank you. Thank you, Tiger Park.
-[chuckles]
[Bubs] Hey, be careful, everyone.
Take your time.
[Jang] Fuck that! Go as fast as possible!
[Park] Everyone, shut up!
You're confusing him.
[monitor beeping]
[drones humming]
[Victory repeating] Detecting
98 incoming attack drones.
Captain Jang, Pierre will come
if you call him!
[Kot-nim] He helped us last time!
Emergency channel.
Hey, Park, is the emergency radio on?
Emergency channel! Emergency channel!
[Jang] KOR-SH-7901, Victory.
[Park exhales] It's already on.
Current location, Anti-Gravity Sphere
in the Factory. You punks reading me?
[in Arabic] We heard everything!
[in Chinese] We need to go
help Captain Jang!
[Jang on radio] You think I'm calling
for myself?
You have no idea what's going on, do you?
Listen to me carefully.
The Factory is about to explode
and crash into Earth.
Our only true home, where all
our families and friends live.
It won't just be a small accident.
It will destroy us all.
If you're a Space Sweeper in the Factory,
get out now if you fear death.
The rest of you…
why not come fight?
What the hell else
do you have to live for?
[Jang] 5,000 kilometers.
Tae-ho, we gotta move!
Victory, I know
you've got it in you. Please.
[Park] I don't know if the engines
can make it that far.
[Victory] Incoming attack drones.
Incoming attack drones.
-Pierre?
-[in French] Captain Jang! It's me!
I'll do anything!
[Pierre in English] I can give
my life to it!
My God, that young man is really obsessed.
Save it for later, you two.
[Tae-ho] Park, you ready?
[Park] There's…
There's just so many of them.
[Bubs] Stop whining, Tiger Park! Let's go!
-[humming]
-[gun firing]
Pierre, out of the way!
[epic music playing]
[clanging]
-[grunts]
-[cranks]
[explosions crumpling]
[heroic music playing]
All right, Space Sweepers,
show them what you can do.
[engines revving]
[heroic music continues]
-[harpoon firing]
-[man] Get it!
[guns firing]
[chuckles]
[woman] Is that all you got?
Huh?
[man in Russian] Damn!
I almost lost it there.
[man in Spanish] Shit!
[heroic music continues]
Ha-ha!
[man in Arabic] One is on their tail!
[harpoon firing]
[man in Chinese] Got you, bastard!
[reporter on TV]
Attack drones are battling-- What?
Right now?
This just in.
A shocking audio was just heard
through the emergency channel
of Space Sweepers.
[Sullivan on TV]
Giant mass of space junk falls to Earth.
Earth destroyed by catastrophic impact!
Everyone will think it was
the Black Foxes anyway.
Who cares if a billion lives are lost?
It's genetic defects.
[repeating] Who cares
if a billion lives are lost?
[dark music playing]
[beeping rapidly]
[grunts] Come on…
Kot-nim, are you okay?
She didn't get hurt, right?
[Bubs] Don't worry.
Our little fart machine
is safe inside the container.
[eerie music playing]
[growling] Surprise!
[ominous music playing]
-[grunts]
-[gunfire]
[dramatic music playing]
[explosions]
[beeping]
-[loud thud]
-[groans]
[screaming]
[Jang screaming]
No!
-Captain Jang!
-[Sullivan] Where are you hiding her?
-That's not good.
She's mine!
Worthless space junk!
-[groans]
-Shit!
-[swishes]
-[straining]
-[Bubs yelling]
-[metal scraping]
-[beeping]
-[Tae-ho] It's too slow. Park!
Divert the fuel to the emergency booster!
The booster only lasts 20 seconds!
That's all!
That should be enough.
-[grunts]
-[clicks]
-[alarm beeping]
-[Park] Fuck! Bubs!
You gotta release the booster
from outside!
[Sullivan] Gotcha!
Bubs!
[suspenseful music playing]
-[grunts]
-[projectiles whizzing]
[panting]
-[projectile whizzing]
-[glass cracks]
-[clanging]
-[grunts]
[electricity crackling]
[whirs]
Where is she?
Where is Dorothy?
[groans]
[metal screeching]
[grunting]
[reporter 1] More than
three billion people
are expected to die on Earth
if the Factory falls.
Unfortunately, defusing
is no longer an option.
What happened?
[reporter 2] All access to the factory
has been banned by UTS.
[reporter 1] A catastrophic end
seems inevitable for Earth.
[alarm sounding]
[alarm beeping]
Tae-ho, are you okay?
-[gunfire]
-[explosions]
[beeping rapidly]
Captain Jang, Park, and Bubs.
[inhales deeply]
Flying with you has been a great honor.
You guys are the best team I've ever had.
And my best friends.
[Bubs sighs] You guys know
I love you, right?
Where is she?
Give her to me!
[somber music playing]
[groaning]
[device beeping]
Kang Kot-nim…
she was never here, you monster.
[Tae-ho] The bomb is about to go off,
so let's take it as far away as possible.
[Park] What?
And leave Kot-nim at the Factory?
[in French] Captain Jang! It's me!
[Jang in English] No, we'll send her with
Pierre right before we make our escape.
Will you be okay without me?
We have a job to do.
I promise we'll be fine.
[Bubs] So we act as bait
so Kot-nim can get out alive?
-Sounds like a suicide mission.
-[Tae-ho] This is the only way.
Take care, Kot-nim, dear.
[melancholy music playing]
[Jang] We have to get the bomb
at least 5,000 kilometers away from here.
It's the only way she'll survive.
The only way Earth will survive.
[rapid beeping]
We actually did it.
[bomb arming]
[Sullivan] No.
[glass shattering]
Why?
This isn't possible.
I did everything right.
[explosion crumpling]
[ethereal music playing]
-[reporter 1] Wait… what?
-[reporter 2] What? What happened?
[reporter] The bomb exploded
in outer space!
The Factory did not fall!
Earth has survived!
[nanobots chiming]
[whimsical music playing]
[man 1] What is that?
[man 2] They're Lagrangian Nanobots.
[man 3] The indestructible.
[nanobots chirping]
[dramatic music playing]
[both exclaim]
[exhaling]
-Is Bubs okay?
-We did it.
[Jang] He's fine.
Well, at least his head is.
Ugh, it'll cost a fortune
to get him repaired.
And what was all that?
"Flying with you was an honor"?
-Hmm.
-[Jang] "You're my best friends"?
"You guys know that I love you"?
Oof! Gotta say that was all
pretty cringey, huh?
[triumphant music playing]
[nanobots chiming]
[reporter 1] People around the world
are still reeling
from the shocking revelations.
We now know that the Super Plant Project,
which was conceived originally
as an effort to save the Earth…
UTS just released a statement
apologizing for its cover-up.
It also promised to widen its efforts
in rehabilitating the Earth
and restoring harmony
across the solar system.
[reporter 2] As for the brave
Space Sweepers
who averted what could
have been a mega-disaster,
UTS said it would provide
immediate reparations
for any damages or casualties suffered.
[chair creaking]
[whimpering]
Ahh!
[in deep voice] Where's my money at,
Little Piggy?
-[stammers] Do I know you?
-Recognize me?
It's Bubs, who you ripped off.
-[chuckles]
-[Pierre in French] Porky, that idiot.
[in English] Caught him in a casino
gambling away your money.
-Give me the money.
-[in French] Yes, pay up!
[in English] I was talking to you.
Go get it, please.
[in French] Ah, right.
[woman in German] It's a 99.99% DNA match.
We won't know Su-ni's location,
but Kot-nim will be able to communicate
with the nanobots in her vicinity.
[man in English] Now, the nanobots
we inserted into your cranial nerves
will receive the data and interpret them
through your sensory system.
Now, we don't know
what form the data will take
or just exactly
how the interpretation process works.
But we do know that for that one moment,
you and Su-ni will be connected.
And Dorothy will be your medium.
[woman in German] We're synced up.
[ethereal music playing]
[nanobots chiming]
[whirring]
[automated voice] This is Su-ni
at this exact moment.
[ethereal music continues]
[scribbles]
Dad, look. I'm done with it all.
You're all done, huh? [sniffles]
Come on, then, show it to me.
WRITING KOREAN
[exclaims] Wow, you did a great job.
[crying softly]
Hey, Su-ni, can you give me a hug?
[sobbing]
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I took so long.
I'm so happy you came back to me.
[Su-ni] See you later, Daddy.
[man] Kim Su-ni.
Departed the orbit at 17:42 hours,
September 3rd, 2092.
[indistinct munching]
[Tae-ho] You've been slacking.
Keep it up and I'll send you
to boarding school.
-[Park] Good idea.
-[Jang] Stop, don't be ridiculous.
It's not ridiculous. She needs to learn
how to take some responsibility.
You should see how these other moms
handle their kids.
-They have tutors, extra-curricular.
-That's right.
You want her to grow up
thinking we don't care?
[scoffs] I'm not saying
we shouldn't do anything.
Hey, Kot-nim! You want us
to send you to boarding school?
See? She doesn't want to.
[female voice 1] People tell me
I have a nice voice.
[Bubs] I think I'm leaning
towards this one.
[female voice 2] People often tell me
I have a sexy voice.
Which do you think?
None of them.
I like how you sound right now.
[chuckles]
Okay, just pick one 'cause I'm
getting sick of the one I've got, hmm?
[Kot-nim] We're one big family now.
Sometimes, I go down
to Earth to make trees.
Captain Jang doesn't drink anymore.
And Bubs is happy being herself.
She says she wants to be
a sophisticated lady.
Uncle Tiger got rid of his tattoos
so he wouldn't scare my friends.
And Uncle Tae-ho bought
ten pairs of new shoes.
I think my dad is watching me
from somewhere.
And when he's happy, I'm happy.
[sweeping music playing]
[whimsical music playing]
[in deep voice] Rude.
Hey, I'm trying to read here!
What the heck are they doing
on our turf? Hey!
Start the engine.
Maybe they found something good out there.
[sighs]
Okay, let's make
some money today, shall we?
[heroic music playing]
[heroic music continues]
[rock music playing]
RezxMovies